---
title: Billing
description: On this page, you will find everything you need to know about how
  we process payments and payouts.
---

::callout{icon="i-heroicons-light-bulb"}
This page contains useful information for creators. If you want more information about how we handle billing for fans, head over to the [Fans Page](/fans/billing)
::

::callout{icon="i-heroicons-light-bulb"}
We use [Stripe](https://creathors.com) for processing all payments. Most of the information on this page is based on how Stripe handles certain scenarios.
::

## Connecting Stripe account

To start receiving payouts, you first need to connect a Stripe account to our platform.

You can easily do this by going to [**Dashboard** > **Payouts**](https://dashboard.creathors.com/payouts), selecting your country, and following the Stripe onboarding process.

## Receiving payouts

Once you have [connected your Stripe account](#connecting-stripe-account) and linked a payout option, you will be able to start receiving payouts.

### Payout schedule

Payouts are processed automatically at the start of each month. You can expect payouts to arrive within the first week of the month.

### Minimum payout threshold

To receive a payout, you must first meet the minimum threshold amount for each of your balance.

::card{title="Minimum Payout Amount per Currency"}

| Currency | Minimum Payout Amount |
|----------|-----------------------|
| USD      | 50.00                 |
| EUR      | 50.00                 |
| CZK      | 1,250.00              |
| Other    | 0.0                   |
::

If the minimum threshold is not reached before the end of the holding period, you'll still receive your payout at the conclusion of the period.

::card{title="Holding Period per Country"}

| Country       | Holding Period |
|---------------|----------------|
| Thailand      | 10 days        |
| United States | 2 years        |
| Other         | 90 days        |

**Example:** 
If you have balance of under **$50** for **2 years**, and you live in the **United States**, 
you will receive a payout even though you haven't reached the required threshold.
::

## Taxes

We are the **merchant of record**, meaning we handle the collection and remittance of taxes. However, we do **not** provide tax advice or take care of tax reporting for you. You are still responsible for complying with tax regulations in your jurisdiction.

### Tax Reporting

As the **merchant of record**, we handle the collection of taxes on the payments made through our platform. However, **we do not handle tax reporting** for you.

- We collect and remit the taxes to the appropriate authorities.
- **It’s important to consult with a tax professional** to ensure you are complying with tax laws and obligations specific to your location.

### Exclusive tax

We automatically charge **exclusive tax** on all payments made through our platform. "Exclusive tax" means that the tax is:

- **Added on top** of the price your fans pay.
- **Not included** in the price you set for your products.

::card{title="Example"}
* Price you set: **$10**
* Tax rate: **10%**

Your fans will pay **$11**, which includes the **$1** tax. You will receive your cut out of the **$10** you set for your product, and the **$1** tax is withheld and remitted by us to the appropriate authorities.
::

### Creator's Responsibility

While we are the merchant of record and handle the tax collection and remittance, **you are still responsible for your taxes** in your jurisdiction.

- This includes ensuring you comply with your local tax laws and regulations.
- You must report and pay any taxes due to your local tax authority as required by your jurisdiction.
