---
title: 2024-04-19
description: Creathors site overhaul.
---

## What's new
We have overhauled our main site, as well as the dashboard. We decided to give both a new look, so that it's easier to work with.

## Notable changes

### Better flow for non-logged users and non-subscribers when subscribing.
We have made it easier for non-logged users and non-subscribers to subscribe to your posts.

When either a non-logged in user, or non-subscriber sees a locked post, they will see following buttons:
- Option to subscribe to every Tier associated with the post.
- Option to buy access to the post directly, if PPV is set up for the post.

After clicking any of these, non-subscriber is redirected to check out session directly and after successful payment to the post.
Non-logged user has additional step of logging in, after which they are redirected to the checkout session as well.

The flow for subscribing to a tier directly is similar.

### Instant payouts
We have added the option for [instant payouts](/creators/billing#instant-payouts), we believe this will give you more flexibility and control over your balance(s).

### Non-public posts and scheduling
We now support non-public posts which are not visible to anyone, but the creator.

For these posts we've added the functionality of automatic publication - this means you can schedule posts for future.

### Tier features
We have added option to add "features" to tiers, these should be short, simple highlights of what's included in subscription tier.

**Example:**
- ✅ Access to this content
- ✅ Access to that content.

Use them to clearly show what fans get at each tier.

## Other mentionable changes

### Fixed recognized subscriptions
We have sometimes by mistake recognized unfinished checkout sessions as successful and provided the user with access to Subscription.
This has been fixed and all invalid Subscriptions were removed.

### New URL to creator's profile
We have removed the old `/creators/{creator}` URL format and replaced it with `/@{creator}`.

Note that `/{creator}` also still works with redirect.

### Localized documentation discontinued
We decided to no longer support localization of our documentation, we believe that English should be enough.

Most browsers already support automatic translation of pages, which should be enough for our documentation resources.

### Better Markdown support
We upgraded our Markdown support for description of creator profiles, tiers and posts.

We decided to use GitHub flavor, as well as their design, so that it is more predictable of how the final render will look.

### Description limit increase
We have increased the limit of creator's description to 2000 symbols from 255.

## And more
We've made a bunch of under-the-hood improvements that might not be immediately visible, but together they make a big difference. Not everything needs a line in the changelog — just know it’s better. 
