---
title: Posts
description: Everything you need to know about creating and editing posts.
---

## Creating & Editing a Post

We strive to make creating and editing a post as easy and straightforward as possible.

You can create a post by going to [**Dashboard** > **Posts**](https://dashboard.creathors.com/posts) > **New post** and filling in the required fields.

You can edit a post by clicking on the **Edit** button on the post.

Both creating and editing a post share the same form, ensuring predictability in how the post will look.

## Visibility

### Pinned
You can set any post as :u-badge{label="Pinned" variant="soft"} by toggling the button in the form.

This makes the post take priority over all non-pinned posts and makes them appear first.

### Public
You can set any post as non-public by toggling the button in the form.

No one but you can see these posts.

You can also set "public after" date, after which we will automatically publish post.

**Note:** We only send notifications about the post if it was published automatically, if you toggle visibility manually, no notifications are sent.

## Name
Summary of the post.

This field is **always visible** - even for those who haven't subscribed/bought the post.

## Description
Text displayed in the post.

The maximum size is 10000 symbols.

Description supports [Markdown with GitHub flavor](https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/)

## Video
Simple uploaded video that will be shown at the top of the post.

You can combine this with [image](#image) to set a thumbnail.

We also store previously uploaded videos that have not yet been used in any post.
We store these for **7 days**. You can select any of them when editing/creating a post.

## URL
Similar to [video](#video), but instead of uploading, you can simply put a link of already uploaded video somewhere else.

## Audio
You can upload any audio file, we will show a custom player at the top of the post.

You can combine this with [image](#image) for custom look of the player.

## Image
Simple image that will be displayed as the thumbnail of the post.

Can be combined with [audio](#audio) and [video](#video)

## Tiers
You can assign posts to tiers. 
Regardless of the cost of each tier, posts will only be visible to users who are subscribed to one of the selected tiers. 

This allows fans to subscribe to multiple tiers that unlock different posts, instead of just upgrading their current subscription for more access.

## Tags
Tags are used for grouping your posts.

Fans can then use simple filters to find exactly what they want.
You can create and select as many tags as you need.

## Pay-per-view

If you set a price for pay-per-view, your fans will be able to unlock the specific post without needing to subscribe to any tiers. 
It's usually best to set the pay-per-view price lower than the tier price to make this option attractive to fans. 

Unlocking a post via pay-per-view will grant permanent access until you delete it.

## Attachments

You can attach any file to a post and include as many files as you like. 
The only limitation is the file size, which is displayed in the UI below the upload button. 

Your fans will be able to download attachments directly from the post.

## Deleting a Post

::callout{color="amber" icon="i-heroicons-exclamation-triangle"}
Deleting a post will permanently remove all associated files, including thumbnails, videos, and attachments.
::

You can delete a post by clicking the red trash can icon on the post in [**Dashboard** > **Posts**](https://dashboard.creathors.com/posts).
